.. dropdown:: Distribution Statement

 | # # # Distribution Statement A. Approved for public release. Distribution is unlimited.
 | # # #
 | # # # Author:
 | # # # Naval Research Laboratory, Marine Meteorology Division
 | # # #
 | # # # This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
 | # # # the terms of the NRLMMD License included with this program. This program is
 | # # # distributed WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
 | # # # MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the included license
 | # # # for more details. If you did not receive the license, for more information see:
 | # # # https://github.com/U-S-NRL-Marine-Meteorology-Division/

Version 1.10.0a2 (2023-05-09)
*****************************

* Update test scripts to adhere to new YAML-based interfaces
* Update data_fusion procflow to use new YAML-based interfaces
* Finalize formatting of YAML products
* Update geo.sh stitched test script to use ABI and AHI only

Breaking Changes
================

Update data_fusion procflow to use new YAML-based interfaces
------------------------------------------------------------

::

  data_fusion/plugins/modules/procflows/data_fusion.py


Pass product_plugin vs product_name to data_fusion utilities
------------------------------------------------------------

To avoid re-opening the YAML files repeatedly, pass the plugin vs just the
product_name to procflow utilities.

::

  data_fusion/plugins/modules/algorithms/stitched.py
  data_fusion/plugins/modules/output_formatters/layered_imagery.py
  data_fusion/plugins/modules/procflows/data_fusion.py

Finalize formatting of YAML products
------------------------------------

Conform to updated YAML schema for product_defaults, and products.

::

  data_fusion/plugins/yaml/product_defaults/*.yaml
  data_fusion/plugins/yaml/products/*.yaml

Update geo.sh stitched test script to use ABI and AHI only
----------------------------------------------------------

To simplify the process of obtaining test data, use ABI and AHI only
for the geo.sh stitched product test.

::

  tests/scripts/geo.sh
  tests/outputs/Infrared-Gray_image/*.png
