.. dropdown:: Distribution Statement

 | # # # Distribution Statement A. Approved for public release. Distribution is unlimited.
 | # # #
 | # # # Author:
 | # # # Naval Research Laboratory, Marine Meteorology Division
 | # # #
 | # # # This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
 | # # # the terms of the NRLMMD License included with this program. This program is
 | # # # distributed WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
 | # # # MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the included license
 | # # # for more details. If you did not receive the license, for more information see:
 | # # # https://github.com/U-S-NRL-Marine-Meteorology-Division/

Version 1.12.4 (2024-05-30)
***************************

* Documentation Updates

  * Added clear documentation on command line arguments
* Release Updates

  * Add release note for v1.12.4

Dcoumentation Updates
=====================

Command Line Documentation 
--------------------------

Added documentation to help provide clarity for required data
fusion command line arguments and sub-arguments. Migrated notes
and comments from the template fusion package.

::

  modified: docs/source/releases/v1_12_4.rst
  modified: docs/source/releases/index.rst
  modified: tests/scripts/layered.sh
  modified: docs/source/userguide/procflow_guide.rst

Release Process
===============

Add release note for v1.12.4
----------------------------

All updates until the next release (v1.12.4) will be included in
this release note.

::

  modified: docs/source/releases/v1_12_4.rst
  modified: docs/source/releases/index.rst
