.. dropdown:: Distribution Statement

 | # # # Distribution Statement A. Approved for public release. Distribution is unlimited.
 | # # #
 | # # # Author:
 | # # # Naval Research Laboratory, Marine Meteorology Division
 | # # #
 | # # # This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
 | # # # the terms of the NRLMMD License included with this program. This program is
 | # # # distributed WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
 | # # # MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the included license
 | # # # for more details. If you did not receive the license, for more information see:
 | # # # https://github.com/U-S-NRL-Marine-Meteorology-Division/

Version 1.13.0 (2024-06-08)
**************************************

* Bug Fixes

  * Remove CHANGELOG.md from the docs/source directory
  * Switch linear_norm back to matplotlib_linear_norm
* Installation Updates

  * Update pyproject.toml to poetry
* Testing Updates

  * Update all test outputs for cartopy 0.23.0 and matplotlib 3.9.0
* Release Updates

  * Add 1.13.0 release note

Bug Fixes
=========

Switch linear_norm back to matplotlib_linear_norm
-------------------------------------------------

The geoips repo pull request that updated ``matplotlib_linear_norm`` colormapper
to ``linear_norm`` was actually closed without merge.  Until that update is
made on the geoips repo, switching stitched.yaml back to ``matplotlib_linear_norm``.

::

  modified: data_fusion/plugins/yaml/products/stitched.yaml

Remove CHANGELOG.md from the docs/source directory
--------------------------------------------------

Now that md files are allowed in the docs directory, must remove CHANGELOG.md
from docs/source/releases since it is not properly formatted. Save for archival
purposes.

::

  renamed:    docs/source/releases/CHANGELOG.md -> docs/archive/CHANGELOG.md

Testing Updates
===============

Update all test outputs for cartopy 0.23.0 and matplotlib 3.9.0
---------------------------------------------------------------

Minor image changes caused by update to latest version of cartopy and matplotlib.

::

  modified: tests/outputs/Infrared-Gray_image/20210929.000000.geo.stitched.Blended-Infrared-Gray.global.56p52.multi.20p0.png
  modified: tests/outputs/Layered-Winds-Default_image/20220911.132830.multi.layered.Layered-Winds-Default.tc2022wp14muifa.41p03.multi.1p0.png
  modified: tests/outputs/Layered-Winds-Horizontal-Adjust_image/20220911.132830.multi.layered.Layered-Winds-Horizontal-Adjust.tc2022wp14muifa.41p03.multi.1p0.png
  modified: tests/outputs/Layered-Winds-Horizontal-and-Vertical_image/20220911.132830.multi.layered.Layered-Winds-Horizontal-and-Vertical.tc2022wp14muifa.41p03.multi.1p0.png
  modified: tests/outputs/Layered-Winds-Two-Colorbars_image/20220911.132830.multi.layered.Layered-Winds-Two-Colorbars.tc2022wp14muifa.41p03.multi.1p0.png
  modified: tests/outputs/Layered-Winds-Vertical-Adjust_image/20220911.132830.multi.layered.Layered-Winds-Vertical-Adjust.tc2022wp14muifa.41p03.multi.1p0.png
  modified: tests/outputs/Layered-Winds-Vertical-Default_image/20220911.132830.multi.layered.Layered-Winds-Vertical-Default.tc2022wp14muifa.41p03.multi.1p0.png

Installation Updates
====================

Update pyproject.toml to poetry
-------------------------------

::

  modified: pyproject.toml
  new file: data_fusion/_version.py

Release Updates
===============

Add 1.13.0 release note
---------------------------

*From issue GEOIPS#513: 2024-06-08, version update*

::

    modified: CHANGELOG.rst
    new file: docs/source/releases/v1_13_0.rst
    modified: docs/source/releases/index.rst
