 | # # # Distribution Statement A. Approved for public release. Distribution unlimited.
 | # # #
 | # # # Author:
 | # # # Naval Research Laboratory, Marine Meteorology Division
 | # # #
 | # # # This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
 | # # # the terms of the NRLMMD License included with this program. This program is
 | # # # distributed WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
 | # # # MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the included license
 | # # # for more details. If you did not receive the license, for more information see:
 | # # # https://github.com/U-S-NRL-Marine-Meteorology-Division/

Version 1.11.7a0 (2023-10-06)
*****************************

* Refactor: Update data_fusion to use 'output_checkers' interface.
* Refactor: Update data_fusion to use the "output_checker_kwargs" argument

Refactoring Updates
===================

Update Data Fusion to use the 'output_checkers' interface
---------------------------------------------------------

*From GEOIPS#293: 2023-08-24, Create interface for compare outputs*

GeoIPS currently compares output products by using the compare_outputs.py module. This
needed to be converted into an output_checkers interface so that we could easily compare
different outputs, and eventually extend this functionality to other outputs if they are
created in the future.

::

    modified: data_fusion/data_fusion/plugins/modules/procflows/data_fusion.py

Update data_fusion to use the "output_checker_kwargs" argument
----------------------------------------------------------------

*From GEOIPS#366: 2023-10-11, Create image_compare_threshold argument*

GeoIPS needs to add functionality for image comparisons, as well as other types of
comparions. Specifically for image comparisons, we need to allow for different
thresholds between pixels. This threshold argument (the % difference between pixels),
will benefit users comparing images with different needs of accuracy.
This is implemented via the "output_checker_kwargs" argument.

::

    modified: data_fusion/data_fusion/plugins/modules/procflows/data_fusion.py
