.. dropdown:: Distribution Statement

 | # # # This source code is subject to the license referenced at
 | # # # https://github.com/NRLMMD-GEOIPS.

Version 1.10.2 (2023-06-15)
*****************************

* Add v1_10_2.rst release note
* Update interface naming
* Finalize setup/install

  * Update setuptools_scm to write to _version.py
  * Update to standard README.md
* Finalize test_all.sh - check_code, and $GEOIPS checks
* Bug Fix: Handle potential empty list output from get_required_variables.

Breaking Changes
================

Update interface naming
-----------------------

*From GEOIPS#33: 2023-06-15, Interface Updates*

* Updated references to colormap(s) to colormapper(s).

::

    modified: data_fusion/plugins/modules/output_formatters/layered_imagery.py
    modified: data_fusion/plugins/modules/procflows/data_fusion.py
    modified: data_fusion/plugins/yaml/products/stitched.yaml
    modified:   data_fusion/plugins/yaml/product_defaults/Layered-Winds-Horizontal-Adjust.yaml
    modified:   data_fusion/plugins/yaml/product_defaults/Layered-Winds-Horizontal-and-Vertical.yaml
    modified:   data_fusion/plugins/yaml/product_defaults/Layered-Winds-Vertical-Adjust.yaml
    modified:   data_fusion/plugins/yaml/product_defaults/Layered-Winds-Vertical-Default.yaml
    modified:   data_fusion/plugins/yaml/products/layered.yaml

Refactoring Updates
===================

Finalize required formatting for all plugins
---------------------------------------------------------

This includes all module-based and YAML-based plugins.

Modified for flake8/code formatting as well.

::

  modified:   data_fusion/commandline/args.py
  modified:   data_fusion/commandline/data_fusion_procflow.py
  modified:   data_fusion/plugins/modules/algorithms/stitched.py
  modified:   data_fusion/plugins/modules/output_formatters/layered_imagery.py
  modified:   data_fusion/plugins/modules/procflows/data_fusion.py
  modified:   tests/test_all.sh

Add docstrings to __init__.py in all package directories
--------------------------------------------------------

::

  modified:   data_fusion/commandline/__init__.py
  modified:   data_fusion/plugins/__init__.py
  modified:   data_fusion/plugins/modules/__init__.py
  modified:   data_fusion/plugins/modules/algorithms/__init__.py
  modified:   data_fusion/plugins/modules/output_formatters/__init__.py
  modified:   data_fusion/plugins/modules/procflows/__init__.py

Update setuptools_scm to write to _version.py vs version.py
-----------------------------------------------------------

This is a more accepted and standard usage. Ensure we ignore the _version.py
file, import from __init__.py, as well as adding to pyproject.toml.

::

  modified: .gitignore
  modified: data_fusion/__init__.py
  modified: pyproject.toml

Update README.md
----------------------------

Update to include standard README.md information.

* Update GeoIPS version requirement

::

  modified: README.md

Testing Updates
===============

Update test_all.sh to include $GEOIPS check and code_check test
---------------------------------------------------------------

Standardize test_all.sh to ensure $GEOIPS is cloned locally, and to
call the "code_check" test script by default.

::

  tests/test_all.sh

Release Updates
===============

Add 1.10.2 release note
-----------------------

*From GEOIPS#33: 2023-06-15, Interface Updates*

::

    new file: docs/source/releases/v1_10_2.rst
    modified: docs/source/releases/index.rst

Bug Fixes
=========

Allow get_required_variables to return empty list
-------------------------------------------------

*From issue GEOIPS#285: 2023-06-26, Support having no required variables*

Handle potential empty list output from get_required_variables.

::

  data_fusion/plugins/modules/proclows/data_fusion.py