.. dropdown:: Distribution Statement

 | # # # Distribution Statement A. Approved for public release. Distribution is unlimited.
 | # # #
 | # # # Author:
 | # # # Naval Research Laboratory, Marine Meteorology Division
 | # # #
 | # # # This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
 | # # # the terms of the NRLMMD License included with this program. This program is
 | # # # distributed WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
 | # # # MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the included license
 | # # # for more details. If you did not receive the license, for more information see:
 | # # # https://github.com/U-S-NRL-Marine-Meteorology-Division/

Version 1.11.2 (2023-09-08)
***************************

* resolve PDF build error

Bug Fixes
=========

resolve PDF build error
-----------------------

Build success with pdf build automatically completing and produces a PDF.
Resolved so PDF and html builds BOTH return zero, which equates to
error free.

The PDF build errors were caused by slightly mis-formatted RST docstrings
in some modules, mostly due to incorrectly formatted lists.  I am not
entirely sure why the flake8 RST docstring linting and the sphinx html
build both did not pick up on these formatting errors, but the sphinx
pdf build did.

::

  modified: data_fusion/commandline/args.py
  modified: data_fusion/plugins/modules/algorithms/stitched.py
  modified: data_fusion/plugins/modules/procflows/data_fusion.py
