 | # # # Distribution Statement A. Approved for public release. Distribution unlimited.
 | # # #
 | # # # Author:
 | # # # Naval Research Laboratory, Marine Meteorology Division
 | # # #
 | # # # This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
 | # # # the terms of the NRLMMD License included with this program. This program is
 | # # # distributed WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
 | # # # MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the included license
 | # # # for more details. If you did not receive the license, for more information see:
 | # # # https://github.com/U-S-NRL-Marine-Meteorology-Division/

Version 1.12.2a0 (2024-04-02)
***************************

* Refactoring Updates

  * Update Test Scripts and 'data_fusion_procflow' to use 'geoips run data_fusion'

Refactoring Updates
===================

Update Test Scripts and 'data_fusion_procflow' to use 'geoips run data_fusion'
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

*From GEOIPS#455: 2024-03-21, CLI Stage Two*

With the new addition of the GeoIPS CLI, we've changed how we call process workflows
(procflows). While ``run_procflow`` and ``data_fusion_procflow`` will still work
(we've supported backwards compatability for this update), we've updated the scripts
to use ``geoips run data_fusion`` instead of ``data_fusion_procflow``. This removes
``--procflow data_fusion`` from scripts as well. We've also modified
``data_fusion_procflow`` to point towards
``geoips.commandline.commandline_interface:main``, as that is how we start a process
workflow from now on.

::

    modified: data_fusion/tests/scripts/geo.sh
    modified: data_fusion/tests/scripts/layered.sh
    modified: data_fusion/pyproject.toml

Release Process
===============

Add release note for v1.12.0
----------------------------

*From GEOIPS#422: 2023-12-14, 1.12.0 release process updates*

All updates until the next release (v1.12.0) will be included in
this release note.

::

  modified: docs/source/releases/v1_12_0.rst
  modified: docs/source/releases/index.rst
